hey everyone its Brittany and I'm here
with my boyfriend Cody and we are
filming the boyfriend tag video where
did we meet my old appointment book
yeah our balconies we're right next to
each other so we come to man from our
balcony is going away and like seen him
a couple of times but probably you've
lived in the apartment next to me for
six months
or we actually talked yeah where was our
first date
vishal Dean
I guess you would just say the first
time we
and karaoke the holes in the first time
now personally come out you're just
bringing out your apartment my friends
playing dirty games yeah we were playing
never however which is a good way to get
to know somebody definitely or a really
bad way yeah what was your first
impression is seen that the doctor space
you know what we're saying though if we
believe this ain't happy to do my face
it's a lot more mean than I actually
yeah it would be like kind of me I'm
gonna ask you the same questions after
no I love this way I make your mom who
wouldn't we went to go get tattoos yeah
weird habit of each other so I guess
answer this one too yeah like
leaving your stuff everywhere Oh
the world is a dresser yeah like a messy
dresser all right here have it if every
time that you pass a light that's about
to change
you punch the ceiling and that's a thing
that's a thing it's a good luck a lot of
people do that but a lot of girls go
back and then tap the roof when I Drive
over railroad tracks and lift my feet up
I haven't seen that wash my hands off
down cause there's like rats how long
have you been together eight months
almost a year yeah but we've been
together every single day pretty much
since we've met so it seems longer
because I feel like most people don't
see someone every single day do we have
any conditions not really I mean we're
kind of very random yeah I mean you
won't go to dinner tonight right yeah I
got the money to go to dinner tonight
yeah let's go
making Hamburger Helper today actually
yeah that's not likely we don't have
anything that's like I actually like
cheesy something well they have like
nacho cheese and then like cheese pizza
and I was like no traditional first
thing you notice about me your hair it
was the fastest response for a question
I've answered today was it a positive or
negative it's a positive side what is
this mom Oh
instead of saying Cody and I I've seen
me and Cody
it doesn't piss me off it's like we're
anything grammatical well that's my mom
this is I was biblical I asked about
that kind of
she's a writer so she's very
grammatically correct with everything
she does anything stuff everywhere you
do that yeah
everywhere she did that you found the
trash today though and did it my breasts
I did you even like being outside to get
Jack you turned out the trash melons
outside at the trash can there's still a
full trash bag I need some answers
what do we argue most about things
definitely do I have any weird
obsessions yeah bugs yeah but yeah was
the bathroom earlier this other to put
purse that I've never seen before she's
hiding her things around the house what
it's one food I do not lay eggs and two
fish salad sandwich Oh sandwich what do
I do yeah
what sex you doing finally a hard
question
7:06 that's usually my favorite kind of
sandwich this about this cuz I'm not a
huge sandwich person thank you what
would I eat every day salmon sushi yes
yeah this video let's see more of us we
have launched an alluring film every
single day of our lives
we started it about two weeks ago Wow we
will see you under their channel if you
come
Oh